Mr. Zhao, Mr. Zhao, why are you here?
I'm here to ruin your good thing, aren't I?
Get it for me
Is it Mr. Zhao? Mr. Zhao, what did I do wrong?
Mr. Du
Mr. Lu is right
His Majesty Zhao is not talented
Take care of your dog
Next time
I don't mind killing it myself
Don't worry, Mr. Lu
The Su family's assets have been destroyed
What?
Why does he still dare to fly?
Take away Mr. Zhao
Are you mistaken?
The three generations of the Lu family are all your legs, Mr. Zhao
My deposit
It's all gone.
I I
My House
God
This has been mixed so well that it's already started
Send a good son
It's over.
Let's wait a moment.
Xiaoyue, I beg you to return the money to me
I'm your aunt
Satsuki
Promise Promise
I beg you
I beg you to spare me
I beg you, please forgive me.
Isn't that what you want?
on the credit list
Wandering like a dog
What do you want?
And you go back and tell Sun Xiong
Two more days.
Can't see Yaya
I even killed Sun Jia
And you
aunt
OK
I will spare you once today
I'm going to tell dad
Dad is bad
Lu Yuan Knowledge Zhao Jie in order to complain
He also matched the pose of Zhao Jie Cunbu
Otherwise, you can go to your uncle's house to test
I just want to know the reaction of the Dragon King
It was Lu Yun who called
He also said that he would abolish the Sun family
Just because he just called Zhao Jie and told me
Said it was their chairperson
download strategy
Chairperson Hengyuan hum
It could be Lu Yun
The fake trash is lying again
Dragon King Liu Kun is no different
Zhao Jie just knew the truth
He said he would no longer intervene in the matter
I see you trash
What other favors are there?
Dad, can I get my revenge?
Of course, what if Long Guan intervened?
I will propose to the Li family
You are really a silly old lady, haha.
Just smile
To torture and kill women
Unbearable pain and